## This repository is about Internship at CODSOFT 
## I made 4 project during the Internship which are 1. Number Game, 2.  ATM Interface, 3. Student Management System , 4. Word counter .

1. Number Game :-  I have completed the first task that has been given to me by CodSoft . this task was part of my internship. I wrote the code in Java. In this particular task you have to guess a number then it will show the number which is generated by computer. You have guess it in 5 chances and based on your performance it will show your score in the end.
I'm very greatful to CodSoft for the Internship opportunity. You please let me know your valuable feedback in comment section to improve my coding skills.

2.  ATM Interface:- I have completed the fourth task that has been given to me by CodSoft . this task was part of my internship. I wrote the code in Java. This Task is about ATM Interface. Firstly run the program and after it you have provide the PIN. If it's wrong then it will ask u again. if it's right then it will ask you for the service that u want... you have to choose one of the option. and then it'll work accordingly.
I'm very greatful to CodSoft for the Internship opportunity. You please let me know your valuable feedback in comment section to improve my coding skills.

3.  Word Counter:- I have completed the second task that has been given to me by CodSoft . this task was part of my internship. I wrote the code in Java. In this particular task you have to write anything in string value then click on check words button then it will show the total number of words and unique words and their frequency that u wrote. I'm very greatful to CodSoft for the Internship opportunity. You please let me know your valuable feedback in comment section to improve my coding skills.

4. Student Management System:- I have completed the third task that has been given to me by CodSoft . this task was part of my internship. I wrote the code in Java. In this particular task you can store the information of students. you can store student name, roll no and grades. I'm very greatful to CodSoft for the Internship opportunity. You please let me know your valuable feedback in comment section to improve my coding skills.